in the ninth year of Zedekiah king of
in the ninth year of Zedekiah king of Judah in the tenth month Nebuchadnezzar
Judah in the tenth month Nebuchadnezzar
Judah in the tenth month Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and all his army came
king of Babylon and all his army came
king of Babylon and all his army came against Jerusalem and besieged it in the
against Jerusalem and besieged it in the
against Jerusalem and besieged it in the eleventh year of Zedekiah in the fourth
eleventh year of Zedekiah in the fourth
eleventh year of Zedekiah in the fourth month on the ninth day of the month the
month on the ninth day of the month the
month on the ninth day of the month the city was penetrated then all the princes
city was penetrated then all the princes
city was penetrated then all the princes of the king of Babylon came in and sat
of the king of Babylon came in and sat
of the king of Babylon came in and sat in the middle gate Naga cheresa Sangha
in the middle gate Naga cheresa Sangha
in the middle gate Naga cheresa Sangha Nebo SAS Hakeem rhapsodes Nargis Ariza
Nebo SAS Hakeem rhapsodes Nargis Ariza
Nebo SAS Hakeem rhapsodes Nargis Ariza grabber with the rest of the princes of
grabber with the rest of the princes of
grabber with the rest of the princes of the king of Babylon so it was when
the king of Babylon so it was when
the king of Babylon so it was when Zedekiah the king of Judah and all the
Zedekiah the king of Judah and all the
Zedekiah the king of Judah and all the men of war saw them that they fled and
men of war saw them that they fled and
men of war saw them that they fled and went out of the city by night by way of
went out of the city by night by way of
went out of the city by night by way of the King's garden by the gate between
the King's garden by the gate between
the King's garden by the gate between the two walls and he went out by way of
the two walls and he went out by way of
the two walls and he went out by way of the plane but the Chaldean army pursued
the plane but the Chaldean army pursued
the plane but the Chaldean army pursued them and overtook Zedekiah in the plains
them and overtook Zedekiah in the plains
them and overtook Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho and when they had captured
of Jericho and when they had captured
of Jericho and when they had captured him they brought him up to
him they brought him up to
him they brought him up to Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon to
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon to
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon to riddler in the land of Hamas where he
riddler in the land of Hamas where he
riddler in the land of Hamas where he pronounced judgment on him then the king
pronounced judgment on him then the king
pronounced judgment on him then the king of Babylon killed the sons of Zedekiah
of Babylon killed the sons of Zedekiah
of Babylon killed the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes in riddler the king of
before his eyes in riddler the king of
before his eyes in riddler the king of Babylon also killed all the nobles of
Babylon also killed all the nobles of
Babylon also killed all the nobles of Judah or over he put out Zedekiah's eyes
Judah or over he put out Zedekiah's eyes
Judah or over he put out Zedekiah's eyes and bound him with bronze fetters to
and bound him with bronze fetters to
and bound him with bronze fetters to carry him off to Babylon and the
carry him off to Babylon and the
carry him off to Babylon and the Chaldeans burn the King's house and the
Chaldeans burn the King's house and the
Chaldeans burn the King's house and the houses of the people with flag and broke
houses of the people with flag and broke
houses of the people with flag and broke down the walls of Jerusalem then
down the walls of Jerusalem then
down the walls of Jerusalem then neighbors are Rayden the captain of the
neighbors are Rayden the captain of the
neighbors are Rayden the captain of the guard carried away captive to Babylon
guard carried away captive to Babylon
guard carried away captive to Babylon the remnant of the people who remained
the remnant of the people who remained
the remnant of the people who remained in the city and those who defected to
in the city and those who defected to
in the city and those who defected to him with the rest of the people who
him with the rest of the people who
him with the rest of the people who remain
remain
remain but never the Radin the captain of the
but never the Radin the captain of the
but never the Radin the captain of the guard left in the land of juda the poor
guard left in the land of juda the poor
guard left in the land of juda the poor people who had nothing and gave them
people who had nothing and gave them
people who had nothing and gave them vineyards and fields at the same time
vineyards and fields at the same time
vineyards and fields at the same time now Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon gave
now Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon gave
now Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon gave charge concerning Jeremiah - never sir
charge concerning Jeremiah - never sir
charge concerning Jeremiah - never sir ater the captain of the guard take him
ater the captain of the guard take him
ater the captain of the guard take him men look after him and do him no harm
men look after him and do him no harm
men look after him and do him no harm but do 10 just as he says do so never
but do 10 just as he says do so never
but do 10 just as he says do so never Raiden the captain of the guard sent
Raiden the captain of the guard sent
Raiden the captain of the guard sent nebulas bomb rhapsodes Nergal cheresa
nebulas bomb rhapsodes Nergal cheresa
nebulas bomb rhapsodes Nergal cheresa rad mag and all the king of babylons
rad mag and all the king of babylons
rad mag and all the king of babylons chief officers then they sent someone to
chief officers then they sent someone to
chief officers then they sent someone to take Jeremiah from the court of the
take Jeremiah from the court of the
take Jeremiah from the court of the prison and committed him to get a liar
prison and committed him to get a liar
prison and committed him to get a liar the son of a hikin the son of shaphan
the son of a hikin the son of shaphan
the son of a hikin the son of shaphan that he should take him home so he dwelt
that he should take him home so he dwelt
that he should take him home so he dwelt among the people meanwhile the word of
among the people meanwhile the word of
among the people meanwhile the word of the Lord had come to Jeremiah while he
the Lord had come to Jeremiah while he
the Lord had come to Jeremiah while he was shut up in the court of the prison
was shut up in the court of the prison
was shut up in the court of the prison go and speak to ebed Mallick the
go and speak to ebed Mallick the
go and speak to ebed Mallick the Ethiopian saying thus says the Lord of
Ethiopian saying thus says the Lord of
Ethiopian saying thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel behold I will
hosts the God of Israel behold I will
hosts the God of Israel behold I will bring my words upon this city for
bring my words upon this city for
bring my words upon this city for adversity and not for good and they
adversity and not for good and they
adversity and not for good and they shall be performed in that day before
shall be performed in that day before
shall be performed in that day before you but I will deliver you in that day
you but I will deliver you in that day
you but I will deliver you in that day says the Lord and you shall not be given
says the Lord and you shall not be given
says the Lord and you shall not be given into the hand of the men of whom you are
into the hand of the men of whom you are
into the hand of the men of whom you are afraid for I will surely deliver you and
afraid for I will surely deliver you and
afraid for I will surely deliver you and you shall not fall with us
you shall not fall with us
you shall not fall with us but your wife shall be as a prize to you
but your wife shall be as a prize to you
but your wife shall be as a prize to you because you have put your trust in me
because you have put your trust in me
because you have put your trust in me says the Lord
says the Lord
says the Lord [Music]